Adding docs for script_paths for Gui & Page (#1256)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/userman/gui/pages/advanced/index.md

`Gui.__init__^`(`Gui` constructor), where those resources are located on the file
system.

> ## JavaScript file path configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using JavaScript scripts
```

> Sometimes, you might need to include JavaScript files in your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes, you might need to include JavaScript files in your application.<br/>
```

You can do this by specifying the file path in the *script_paths* parameter of the

> `Gui.__init__^`(`Gui` constructor). For instance, if you have a JavaScript file named

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Gui.__init__()^`(`Gui` constructor). For instance, if you have a JavaScript file named
```

`my_script.js` in the same directory as your Python script, you can include it like this:

!!! example

    Here is an example of how to include a JavaScript file in your application:
    ```python
    from taipy import Gui

    Gui(page="Hello, world!", script_paths=["my_script.js"]).run()
    ```

>     When you run this application, your JavaScript file will be included in the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When you run this application, your JavaScript file will be included in all the pages of the application.
```

If you need to include a JavaScript file on a specific page only, you can do so by using the

> *script_paths* parameter of the `Page^`(`Page` constructor). For example, if you have two pages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*script_paths* parameter of the `Page.__init__()^`(`Page` constructor). For example, if you have two pages
```

and want to include a JavaScript file only on the second page, here's how you can do it:

!!! example

    Here is an example of how to include a JavaScript file in a specific page:
    ```python
    from taipy import Gui, Page

    page1 = Page("Hello, world!")
    page2 = Page("Hello, world!", script_paths=["my_script.js"])

    Gui(pages={"page1": page1, "page2": page2}).run()
    ```

    When you run this application, your JavaScript file will be included only in the second page.

!!! note "JavaScript file path configuration"

>     The `script_paths` parameter loads specified JavaScript files when rendering the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The *script_paths* parameter loads specified JavaScript files when rendering the page.
```

>     This ensures the script is available and ready to use when the page is displayed in the browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This ensures the script is available and ready to use when the page is loaded by the browser.
```

>     Ensure the file path is accurate and correctly points to the location relative to the Python script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You should make the file path is accurate and correctly points to the location of the script file, relative to the Python script.
```
